Welcome to the course Cryptography in R is more Fun!
Here I have my Private Key that I can use to generate a Public Key that looks like this...
With the help of the Public Key I can encrypt my information and securely store bunch of my passwords
I can return to read them, but only by using my Private Key
I am not a computer or security expert, however I will be passionate to share my knowledge with you
about how to use Public Key Cryptography in R Statistical Software
The advantage is that process is extremly simple and transparent
and you will be able to use provided templates.
First, by trying on Dummy data and practice
and finally to store your data and credentials on the day to day basis
You will be able to stop your password chaos and start to use Cryptography to your advantage!
So join this course and keep your secret under your control!